Box/ResponsiveBox: update baseSize (#7653)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxResponsiveBox/1 Configuration/cols/baseSize.md

The column's base width. Calculated automatically when the [singleColumnScreen](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxResponsiveBox/1%20Configuration/singleColumnScreen.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxResponsiveBox/Configuration/#singleColumnScreen') property arranges all elements in a single column.

---

> This property accepts a value of one of the following types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property accepts one of the following types of values:
```

- **Number**  
The base size in pixels.

- **String**  

> A CSS measurement for the base size, as used in [flex-basis](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-basis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CSS measurement for the base size as used in [flex-basis](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-basis).
```
